okay for the first breakdown is only be
driven off an open D power cord with
chunks and patterns of threes that's
gonna run you through it until you hit
the harmony parts so first I'm gonna
show you the route it's gonna start off
on the fifth string fifth fret you know
you're gonna want to use your ring
finger it's not really a better attack
on it but you don't use it ever works
striking slide from the fifth up to the
seventh so after all the palm meets and
a series of three it's gonna drop into
that lead part so let me run it slow
now for the harmony part of that a
single string run that little lead
growing you're going to stir them up in
a fourth string third fret it's going to
be the same pattern all the way up you
know rhythm wise so it's going to go
third up to the fifth
now for the second break that I'm going
into the atre to me pretty similar gonna
start off with the same you know
chunking pattern on everything any
differences is there's going to be a
little tag at the end of a single dead
harmony run so let me show you that
so you're basically gonna do the same
thing for the room you're just gonna
walk back down for the twelve and for
the harmony part the same same
difference
back from the ninth of the seventh it's
not running both here up the speed road
bike that will lead you into the lead
part of the army that will start off on
the wings fret fourth string land on
10 to 12 and on your third string you
assigned to the 14 back to the beginning
pattern on the 9th fret 4th string
on your fourth string 9th fret you're
gonna slide up to the 10th twice this is
all on the 4th string climb up to 7 9 10
and I'm your 4th string 9th fret so let
me run that little leap pattern slow
first on these little leader and give
him some good vibrato give him some good
flavor
now for the rhythm part you're just
gonna pretty much bounce that same you
know threes pattern off of the deep
power chord you go to the e-flat power
chord on the first fret sixth string